#### Main Quest Lore
Our quest began when we were summoned to by [[Gundren]], one of three famous dwarven brothers. Gundren brought us together to solve the mystery behind the Echo Cave. Long ago, this land was inhabited by three opposing tribes: the Hotenow, the druid clan, and the Bloodfangs (ancestors of [[Rockgar, Bloodfang Tribe Chieftan]]). [[Aldith Tresendar, aka The Black Hawk]] came to this region to forge a pack between all three packs to find the Echo Cave. According to ancient lore, the Echo Cave can create magical items and riches, including ethercyte. Ethercyte is an extremely powerful, illegal and highly volatile substance. Whoever obtains access to forge this stuff would achieve tremendous power. ***The druids made a pack with the orcs because the Hotenow tribe are in danger?*** However, an orc army laid waste to the cave and the entrance was closed/hidden. Those who believe it exists say a key is required to enter. The "key" is also known as the [[Phandelver Pack]] and it is a collection of weapons and artifacts. This knowledge came from [[Pytr]].

On one of our many side quests, we rescue [[Pickle, the magical automaton]] from the hands of [[Vyerlyth, agent of The Black Spider]]. [[Pickle, the magical automaton]] contained knowledge about the Echo Cave but was sworn to secrecy by [[Gundren]]. While in our care, she comes into contact with [[Talon]], part of the [[Phandelver Pack]]. She projects an image of a lush, green and vivid landscape. We see two humanoid male figures: one has broad, black hair and [[Aldith Tresendar, aka The Black Hawk]]. We also see regal elf woman with tan skin and [[Lox, the Hotenow warrior]]. Finally, we see [[Toggle, the gnomish girl]], who declares: “the beginnings of this journey needs a title”. [[Pickle, the magical automaton]] is being held by the Toggle. Deep-green body passes through our line of sight. 

 Later on, when we obtain the staff that's part of the [[Phandelver Pack]], [[Pickle, the magical automaton]] projects another image: Deep in the mountains, we are surrounded by thick leather tents. Then [[Toggle, the gnomish girl]] says [[Aldith Tresendar, aka The Black Hawk]] needs to "watch his step." We again see [[Lox, the Hotenow warrior]] holding a pair of daggers, a regal elf holding the emerald staff, [[Boggle, the gnomish boy]] holding his leather bound book, [[Aldith Tresendar, aka The Black Hawk]] holding [[Talon]] and [[Toggle, the gnomish girl]] holding a satchel and a hammer.


Questions/Unresolved Notes
Room carved of stone with line of orcs w/ orc on throne. Lady druid Cassia high priestess of Thundertree and daughter of Hotanow  tribe. Asks to explore Caverns of Sword Mountain as there is a darkness that’s coming. 
- Ethersite is a very powerful and outlawed stone offered to the orcs in exchange for allowing them to explore/mine the orc areas